Release To Preview - v1.0.0-preview.5 (#43)
KinsonDigital/GitHubData: Documentation/ReleaseNotes/PreviewReleases/Release-Notes-v1.0.0-preview.5.md

    - This was causing an issue where if somebody added a request header to `HttpClient` used inside of the `GitHubDataService` class before making a call with any of the `GitHubDataService` methods, the previously added header would be cleared out.

---

<h2 style="font-weight:bold" align="center">Breaking Changes 🧨</h2>

1. [#37](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/GitHubData/issues/37) - Remove the methods `IHttpClient.AddOrUpdateHeader()` and `IHttpClient.AddOrUpdateHeaders()`.
    - This was removed as to not **_over_** implement the API where it is not necessary.  The user can still easily delete and readd the header which is essentially updating the header.  This decision was made due to some of the current internal workings of the `HttpClient` class.
2. [#37](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/GitHubData/issues/37) - Changed the name of the `IHttpClient.AddHeader()` method to `IHttpClient.AddRequestHeader()`.
3. [#37](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/GitHubData/issues/37) - Changed the name of the `IHttpClient.AddHeaders()` method to `IHttpClient.AddRequestHeaders()`.

>     - This makes it more clear that the headers being added are only for the next request that will be made.  This makes it much more obvious about the purpose of the methods.  A good example of this is the `IHttpClient.AddDefaultHeader()` and `IHttpClient.AddDefaultHeaders()` methods which are used for every request.

Reviewer: Grammar
```suggestion
    - This clarifies that the headers being added are only for the next request that will be made which makes it obvious about the purpose of the methods.  A good example of this is the `IHttpClient.AddDefaultHeader()` and `IHttpClient.AddDefaultHeaders()` methods which are used for every request.
```

---

<h2 style="font-weight:bold" align="center">Internal Changes ⚙️</h2>
<h5 align="center">(Changes that do not affect users.  Not breaking changes, new features, or bug fixes.)</h5>

1. [#37](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/GitHubData/issues/37) - Internally changed how request headers are managed inside of the `HttpClient` class.

> 2. [#37](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/GitHubData/issues/37) - When adding a new request header to the `HttpClient`, the header will be checked for it's existence using the header name and value.  If the header is found, then it simply is not added because it already exists.

Reviewer: Spelling
```suggestion
2. [#37](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/GitHubData/issues/37) - When adding a new request header to the `HttpClient`, the header will be checked for its existence using the header name and value.  If the header is found, then it simply is not added because it already exists.
```
